welcome to Ramsey in 10 where I'm
challenging to my favorite chef to prove
that all you need to make a stunning
dish is literally 10 minutes with some
amazing ingredients now today I'm
telling you someone who I think you may
know someone that I know could almost
cook anything on the planet someone who
really knows these beef Wellington's all
of you please welcome the amazing me
that's right today I'll show you how to
make the most amazing shrimp scampi in
literary ten minutes let's have 10
minutes on the clock
you guys ready let's go now the first
thing you need of course you get that
water boiling 90% of this battle is all
about the trend okay so shrimp scampi
I'm gonna start off with a shallot I'll
chop that no go fine dice just slice it
okay again a lot quicker so slice it in
half okay if you slice it - Vinny's
gonna burn so just slice the nice slices
slots beefy done
I like the slots over the onion the
slots make it a little bit sweeter and
more importantly it's a lot easier to
digest slice the onions don't get too
fancy okay from there a little splash of
olive oil now water's boiling special
oil in splash the oil in I actually like
this with a little bit of heat in there
okay so I got some chili flakes on the
finish up some fresh basil once the oil
is up to temp slots in now caramelize
those slots lightly season them okay a
bit of salt and pepper
I don't worry if they don't break down
and easily by the time they cooked
they'll start breaking down now from
there
a little drizzle allowable okay get that
turning in break down the slots now when
you're cooking and you're up against a
time wise trust me
start using techniques rather than
chopping everything so it's microplane
that we use of a seat - great parmesan
lemon take a knife clove of garlic okay
and literally grate that over those
shallots the garlic disintegrates so
much quicker okay you get right down to
the wire and look underneath there it's
beautiful it's sort of almost purees the
garlic for you and then from there take
a little knife take that one in there so
tap it and literally get that really
nice camera zation on that garlic and
those wonderful schlotz now once you've
found all the shallots okay from there
literally turn up the heat get that
really nice and hot now start off too
hot and you'll burn those shallots okay
check in on the time now a little touch
of chili flake okay chili flakes in
there lightly sprinkle those chili
flakes you always add more heat we can't
take it away so be smart with that and
then get your tomato so I want a little
bit of acidity in this dish again I'm
going to just cut these tomatoes in half
okay I'm also gonna do it's gonna
blister in the pan but more importantly
it's gonna give it that really nice
sweetness three or four little cherry
tomatoes okay that's what the acidity
comes in open them up and you'll hear
them sort of almost start to blister and
roast now as this master start to break
down okay my shallots are caramelizing
the garlic has disintegrated beautifully
break those down and then from them and
we'll deglaze the pan basically I'm
gonna sort of clean the pan out with a
little tablespoon of white wine why why
goes in
turn up the gas break that down now look
what's happening but some artists that
are celebrating the schlotz
are super caramelize that garlic's
disappeared chili flakes give me the
heat and then from there a tablespoon of
stock vegetable stock chicken stock or
even fish stock in don't flood it okay
trying to create a really nice sauce you
don't start cooking your pasta until
that is absolutely ready okay now once
that's on and it starts to sort of
reduce down literally back on how long
we got oh my lord I'll go for a run
get your pan on keep that boil rolling
for your pasta get your pan on nicely
now look at that it's reduced down to a
syrup this is where it goes even more
fragrant take your basil get your
largest leaf your small leaves on the
outside okay and from there then I see
without get your large leaf okay get the
small Leafs tuck them inside the large
leaf and roll it like a beautiful big
cigar okay hold it nice and tight let
the knife do the work and literally
shipping on that basil now here's where
it goes up a notch okay that's beautiful
caramelized down there okay nice
Buzzle goes on so we're halfway just on
the five minutes to go
papers a little bit of the acid and
saltiness there but look that's the
source that's where the magic is right
there so we're halfway
now take your shrimp okay
lightly seasoned the shrimp salt and
pepper seasoned nicely
salt pepper okay
get the really nicely seasoned they only
take literally 90 seconds to come 90
cents for the pasta 90 seconds for the
shrimp okay my pan is nice and hot
teaspoon of olive oil in there in with a
pasta and look I want color on those
shrimp they go in beautiful shrimp her
in don't overseer these shrimp okay they
turn dry so the nice thing now is that
shrimp are on sauce is ready take your
capellini in to water okay in that start
to boil up take it twist it round and it
literally cooks in 90 seconds turn up
the gas turn that around and you see
that coming together beautifully time
please how long that once that shrimp
i collared long take them off the gas
turn them around
okay look at the color on there
beautiful really useful passive pointing
watch olive oil on top you see done take
that zest of lemon no one literally zest
my lemon over there
look at that we're just under three
minutes to go
passes cooking nicely I mean the
capellini okay so it's super thin and
really quick to cook
I haven't overfilled the family water
sometimes you put too much water in the
pan you lose the capellini
so keep the water to a minimum shrimp
loosely rested and I put them in to my
sauce there just like that bring that
back up to temp now look the less water
you've gotten that pasta the quicker it
cooks okay I'm from there take that out
check stall nice and firm so literally
another 30 seconds in there sometimes
when you fill up a pan with water you
put your capellini in and you lose it
all so I like the small pan half full of
water and so the pasta cooks quicker but
you don't lose anything
shrimp resting back inside the shallots
and the blistered tomatoes and look so
just under two minutes to go
capellini literally is you go through
with your fingers
it's cooked colander in back / out
draining under the pan I like putting
the capellini back into the pan and then
literally mixing that around lazing it
with all 60 seconds to go now
shrimp capellini I'm gonna mix that
shrimp with my capellini usually done in
not too much pasta remember the heroes
the shrimp and then look and mixing this
all up now usually done I'm gonna twist
that round I'll sit the pasta and
beautifully in the center of the plate
and then garnish that in my shrimp now I
want all those shallots and all that
beautiful sauce and look how do I finish
that for dinner honestly parmesan over
the top right at the last minute and
then finally just a nice pinch of zest
and then very quickly the lemon and
fresh lemon and there you have the most
amazing shrimp capellini done in 10
minutes do not forget to subscribe to my
amazing youtube channel and good luck
can't wait to see what you can do in 10